Boss, I want a fried noodles, find a seat by yourself
I don't have time to greet you
I'm celebrating your daughter's birthday
Run to Liu Tianhou
Took his favorite watch
I owe a big favor
How can you thank me?
I have the heart to add an egg to you.
Then I want two eggs and one sausage.
Hey, eat it or not
Big sister, this fried rice seller is too arrogant
Do you want me to teach him a lesson for you?
Do I need you to teach me how to do things?
From now on, this street stinks
Hmm, hey, hey.
Deaf, we covered this street with protection money
I'm going to your kid to send beggars.
Just know who our boss is
Tiger Lord goes home to the village hall master
Tiger's face is worth 100 yuan
One of the three kings of the Heaven and Earth Alliance
The head of Gu Yue Group
Known as the Iron Claw King
Xiaohu is the famous Iron Claw Tiger King
Looking back underground across Yunzhou
Pay quickly
If there is no 10,000 tonight
Don't put this stall
10,000 you are blackmailing
Why are you talking so much nonsense about dumplings?
As much as I say
Come out and play by the rules
This is how Wang Xiaohu taught you
Hold
How dare you call Master Tiger's namesake
Smash me
Give it to me
Let me go!
My brother is the main reason
The hand-picked double-flower red stick, you want to hurt me
Don't say you die
Your whole family will be buried with you
OK
All my life
I hate it when people threaten me with my family
What to say hehe
My big brother is here, you are dead
Your whole family is dead